README.md, before:

# Chatty App
=====================

The Chatty App is a realtime web chat application that uses websockets to display messages for all users in realtime. It uses React to display a dynamic single page app in which state can be altered and http requests aren't needed to change and alter content.


## Final Product

!["This is the main page populated with tweets and with text in the compose box"](https://github.com/yvesandre-middleton/tweeter-app/blob/master/docs/mainscreen-textbox-has-input.png?raw=true)
!["This is the main page populated with tweets and with the compose box folded up"](https://github.com/yvesandre-middleton/tweeter-app/blob/master/docs/compose-form-folded-up.png?raw=true)
!["This is the main page populated with tweets and with an error message saying the tweet is too long. Notice the counter is also red when over 140 characters"](https://github.com/yvesandre-middleton/tweeter-app/blob/master/docs/message-too-long-error.png?raw=true)


### Chatty React App Dependencies

* React
* Webpack
* babel-core
* [babel-loader](https://github.com/babel/babel-loader)
* [webpack-dev-server](https://github.com/webpack/webpack-dev-server)
* babel-preset-es2015
* babel-preset-react
* css-loader
* node-sass
* sass-loader
* sockjs-client
* style-loader
* webpack
* react
* react-dom

### Chatty Server App Dependencies
* express
* ws
* uuid
* html-colors


## Getting started

- Install all dependencies (using the `npm install` command).
- Run the development web server using the `npm run start` command in the terminal while inside the folder directory


# Creator Information

- Yves-André Middleton
- Created February 22 2018
- Created while at Lighthouse Labs Web Development bootcamp. January 2018 Cohort.
- Direct questions to yvesmiddleton@gmail.com
- Github: https://github.com/yvesandre-middleton
- Linkedin: https://www.linkedin.com/in/yves-andr%C3%A9-middleton-04424661/

Commit message:

final commit with read me file updated with screenshots

README.md, after:

# Chatty App
=====================

The Chatty App is a realtime web chat application that uses websockets to display messages for all users in realtime. It uses React to display a dynamic single page app in which state can be altered and http requests aren't needed to change and alter content.


## Final Product Screenshots

!["The main page when no one has said anything and one user is online"](https://github.com/yvesandre-middleton/chatty-app/blob/master/docs/Screen%20Shot%202018-02-23%20at%203.01.31%20PM.png?raw=true)
!["The main page populated with messages from three users are online. The number of users active can be seen in the navbar"](https://github.com/yvesandre-middleton/chatty-app/blob/master/docs/Screen%20Shot%202018-02-23%20at%203.04.19%20PM.png?raw=true)
!["The main page populated with messages and showing the ability to post gifs from giphy"](https://github.com/yvesandre-middleton/chatty-app/blob/master/docs/Screen%20Shot%202018-02-23%20at%203.04.33%20PM.png?raw=true)
!["The main page populated with messages and showing the ability to post gifs from giphy and image urls. The notification that pops up when a user changes their name is also shown"](https://github.com/yvesandre-middleton/chatty-app/blob/master/docs/Screen%20Shot%202018-02-23%20at%203.06.53%20PM.png?raw=true)
!["The main page populated with messages from one user showing how they can change their name and the colour of their username remains the same"](https://github.com/yvesandre-middleton/chatty-app/blob/master/docs/Screen%20Shot%202018-02-23%20at%203.11.22%20PM.png?raw=true)


### Chatty React App Dependencies

* React
* Webpack
* babel-core
* [babel-loader](https://github.com/babel/babel-loader)
* [webpack-dev-server](https://github.com/webpack/webpack-dev-server)
* babel-preset-es2015
* babel-preset-react
* css-loader
* node-sass
* sass-loader
* sockjs-client
* style-loader
* webpack
* react
* react-dom

### Chatty Server App Dependencies
* express
* ws
* uuid
* html-colors


## Getting started

- Install all dependencies (using the `npm install` command).
- Run the development web server using the `npm run start` command in the terminal while inside the folder directory


# Creator Information

- Yves-André Middleton
- Created February 22 2018
- Created while at Lighthouse Labs Web Development bootcamp. January 2018 Cohort.
- Direct questions to yvesmiddleton@gmail.com
- Github: https://github.com/yvesandre-middleton
- Linkedin: https://www.linkedin.com/in/yves-andr%C3%A9-middleton-04424661/
